


Hello and nice greetings from Tegernsee!


Please find herewith my application for the position as a Software Developer in your team and organization.

After relocating to Germany in 2020, I changed my career path as a Web and App Developer as I have been involved for many earlier years in the IT area. Currently I am working online as a freelancer. I have web-development experience in Javascript/React, Node, PHP, Wordpress, MySQL, and use GitHub.

Digital Technology has always interested me deeply, and coding is my creative outlet and a passion. I love the challenge of bringing logic, innovation and my experience together to build something that would be awesome! I would really like to be part of a great developer team, and further my career as a developer.

Please see my GitHub profile here:  https://vrw-gh.github.io/vrw-GH

I have over 20 years in an IT background, having been responsible for IT services at my previous employer (in Sri Lanka) - and do still continue online support for them. I am self-taught in many areas such as hardware, networking, hosting services, and I am always learning something new. (You can see more IT-related certifications in my git hub profile).

During my years in a managerial position, I have learnt to be independent, confident, and stay calm in many difficult situations, and developed good people skills. I am a logical thinker, and like deep-diving to understand and solve problems. I give attention to the small-details, and practice fault-tolerant and usability in my programming.

I am a naturalized German Citizen and live in Bad-Wiessee with my German wife. Currently I am developing my B2-skills in German.

Thank you very much for your kind attention and time, and look forward to hearing from you very soon.

Best regards and have a great day!





Victor Wright 						23.06.2025/Bad Wiessee


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Hi,

I am a IT enthusiast and programmer, and enjoy developing Web-sites and Apps. My favourite coding stacks are JavaScript-React, Node-Express, PHP, MySQL, WordPress, and HTML5/CSS3. I am also familiar with Git/GitHub, CI/CD, REST-Api technologies, and possess a strong understanding of modern Web Development techniques. My goals are to develop interesting and innovative digital apps that have good usability and sustainability.

The opportunity in your company interests me greatly, as I am focused in reaching a high professionalism, and expect to grow together as a member of a great coding team.

My IT Background: 
• Web & Apps Dev - React, Vue, Node, PHP, MySQL, HTML5, CSS3, WordPress.
• GitHub, Figma, MS Office (advanced Excel-skills), CorelDraw and Photoshop.
• Legacy Programming in Visual FoxPro.
• Experienced in Networking and Hardware setup, Router configuring.
• Over 20 years in overall IT and Management role in Solar Products company.
• Re-seller for email/web-hosting services and web/network administration.

My strengths are:
► Excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving skills.
► Understanding of User-Interface and User-Experience.
► Quick comprehension and interest in continuous learning, always "deep-diving" to upskill myself.
► A mentality to always code with attention on detail and quality.
► Independent work and flexibility with responsibility.
► Good communication and team skills.
► English - Mother-tongue.
► German - ~B2 Level (B1 Certificate)

* German Citizenship.
* Available to start at short-notice.

You can check the link below for some of my projects that you can review:

  https://vrw-gh.github.io/vrw-GH/


I appreciate your time and attention, and do look forward to a call soon, 
where we could learn more about each other.


Thanks and wishing you a nice day!



Victor Wright                                     Bad Wiessee - 18.11.2024
